Adding keepalive parameters to configuration file (#5910)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guide.mdx

    type: local
    # second_factor can be off, otp, or u2f
    second_factor: otp
  

>   # If running the auth service behind a loadbalancer it is highly recommended to have the keepalive settings
>   # on your Teleport cluster match the value set on your loadbalancers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # If running the auth service behind a load balancer, it is highly recommended to have the keepalive settings
  # on your Teleport cluster match the value set on your load balancers.
  # The default keep alive interval is 300 seconds.
```
